_tabs/about.md, before:

---
# the default layout is 'page'
icon: fas fa-info-circle
order: 4
---

> The views and opinions expressed on this blog are solely my own and do not reflect the views or opinions of my employer, organization, or any of its affiliates. Any content provided here is for informational purposes only and is not intended to represent the positions, strategies, or opinions of my affiliated institutions.
{: .note } 

I'm Vinay Gautam, a research scientist at the Chemical Engineering Department, Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU), Norway. I am a computer scientist with a Ph.D. from NTNU. I am interested in modelling and simulation, software development, data, biochem and electronics.

In my current role, I do software development activities related to modelling and simulation in chemical processes and materials modelling. On the tech side, I work with Python, Dockers, and DevOps. Recently I've also developed an appreciation for FAIR (Findable, Accessible, Interoperable, Reusable) data principles. The potential of creating a web where data sets communicate seamlessly excites me to no end. Altogether, This has naturally led me towards the domains of ontologies, linked data, and knowledge graphs, which will redefine how we understand and interpret data in the future, as technologies like LLMs and ChatGPT are changing the game!

Through this blog, I aim to write about technical things (how-to guides, automation scripts, developer notes, etc.) and my insights. Whether you're a fellow researcher, a software developer, or someone intrigued by the ever-evolving world of technology and data, I hope you find the page useful. Let’s explore, learn, and innovate together!

Commit message:

disclaimer added with jekyll theme

_tabs/about.md, after:

---
# the default layout is 'page'
icon: fas fa-info-circle
order: 4
---

<!-- > Add Markdown syntax content to file `_tabs/about.md`{: .filepath } and it will show up on this page.
{: .prompt-tip } -->

I'm Vinay Gautam, a research scientist at the Chemical Engineering Department, Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU), Norway. I am a computer scientist with a Ph.D. from NTNU. I am interested in modelling and simulation, software development, data, biochem and electronics.

In my current role, I do software development activities related to modelling and simulation in chemical processes and materials modelling. On the tech side, I work with Python, Dockers, and DevOps. Recently I've also developed an appreciation for FAIR (Findable, Accessible, Interoperable, Reusable) data principles. The potential of creating a web where data sets communicate seamlessly excites me to no end. Altogether, This has naturally led me towards the domains of ontologies, linked data, and knowledge graphs, which will redefine how we understand and interpret data in the future, as technologies like LLMs and ChatGPT are changing the game!
 
Through this blog, I aim to write about technical things (how-to guides, automation scripts, developer notes, etc.) and my insights. Whether you're a fellow researcher, a software developer, or someone intrigued by the ever-evolving world of technology and data, I hope you find the page useful. Let’s explore, learn, and innovate together!

> **Disclaimer:** The views and opinions expressed on this blog are solely my own and do not reflect the views or opinions of my employer, organization, or any of its affiliates. Any content provided here is for informational purposes only and is not intended to represent the positions, strategies, or opinions of my affiliated institutions.
{: .prompt-tip }
